Customize empty list (#3625)
kyma-project/busola: docs/extensibility/50-list-and-details-widgets.md

| **filter**                 | No       | [JSONata](100-jsonata.md) function | Use it to filter Events emitted by a specific resource. There is a special custom function [matchEvents](101-preset-functions.md#matchevents-item-kind-name) you can use to filter Events, for example, `$matchEvents($$, $root.kind, $root.metadata.name)`. |
| **defaultType**            | No       | string                             | The value is either: `all`, `information`, or `warning`. When set to `information` or `warning`, Events with specific type are displayed. By default all Events are fetched.                                                                                 |
| **hideInvolvedObjects**    | No       | boolean                            | If set to `true`, the **Involved Objects** column is hidden. Defaults to `false`.                                                                                                                                                                            |

> | **simpleEmptyListMessage** | No       | boolean                            | An optional flag. If set to `true`, the empty events list will show no resources message without any images or links.                                                                                                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **simpleEmptyListMessage** | No       | boolean                            | If set to `true`, the empty events list shows the `no resources` message without any images or links.                                                                                                                                        |
```
